My question:
1. Is it possiable not to use the timer ticker implementation. 
A: There is. The newest build implement some function like set_start_function. But NOT tested. Better not use

2. How to see the routing key while read the packets?
A: save the routing key to the circular buffer as well.


3. The cell still trying to send packets after the simulation is over. probably because the asycronize nature of the communication. How to deal with that? Or start to transfer this into an untimed version. My action: do not use the time ticker anymore, instead run the simulation until the simulation itself is finished then -> 4

4. How to set the machine time step?

5. My api version is kind of out-dated. For example, I connot run the example untimed-hello world. Because the I did not have the

simulation_set_start_function() and simulation_set_exit_function() even if I've already pull the newext verions of simulation.h

6. The SpiNNaker board get wrong. I cannot always connect with the board. 7.3 6.2 5.1 do not shineing.

A: Change to the jupter interface. Get used to the Jupyter workflow!

On-goging:
1. Keep working on the C Implementation.
2. Test problem.
3. Add communication part to the spinnaker version.

New:
1. Kevin will send notes on Minion's test problems
2. Work ON the C implementation for a correct result
3. write a comparision between the web interface and physical board to the report


Finished:
1. get a same result from the SpiNNaker with a right-or-wrong C implementation
